Hello welcome to the third challenge for the Section 20 part of the course.
I mean the Section 20 workspace and I've got two projects.
The challenge underscore three project and the challenge underscore three solution project.
So as usual the solution is my solution and the challenge 3 project is the shell that I'm giving you
that has the beginnings of the project that you can work on.
So let's talk about this project.
This is a fun challenge.
This challenge has two parts and it's all about understanding stood sat and stood map we're going to
use the sets and the maps together.
We're going to be reading words from a text file providing them providing that for you the text file
is called Words dot text and I'll show that to you in just a moment and it contains the first few paragraphs
from the book Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
So the idea here is the first part of the challenges you want to read each word from that file and count
how many times it occurs in the file and then display that information.
So what we get is a listing similar to this this is just the first few words you can see that the word
art appears five times in the text.
Dorothy eight Dorothy's with an apostrophe S. once M5 even once and from once.
Now you'll also notice that these words are displayed just like this.
A DFT are displayed in ascending order and then right next to the word we have the number of times that
it occurs.
Simple.
So please use a map for this and make sure that your key value pair is a string int.
That makes sense.
This is your key right here.
The Word and the value is the count and the functions that I've written for you assume this.
Make sure you use the string it.
So that's part 1 and let me say the file requit before we talk about Part 2.
Here's the file you can see it right here in Wordstar text.
There's the file and it's the first I think five or six or seven paragraphs from the Wonderful Wizard
of Oz.
So you can see Dorothy appears here and it's really easy to check your work in code light.
For example if I just double click Dorothy you can see that Dorothy appears once twice three times four
five six seven eight nine times.
It's really easy to tell just because it highlights it in yellow and it also gives you the line number
that it appears on which is really cool because that's all part of the challenge is all about.
All right so let me get back to the description.
So that's part one.
And then in part two what I want is same idea.
I want to read all the words from the file and I don't really care how many times they occur I've already
got that up here.
What I want to know is what line numbers do they occur on.
I want to see all the line numbers.
So in this case we can we can do this when it appears online number 2 7.
25 29 and 48.
That might appear more than once on each line.
I don't want you to say 2 2 7 7 7 and so forth just the line numbers should appear only once.
So again the word should be ascendiant order and the line number should be ascending in order in here
as well.
So one more time it appears online to 720 29 and 48.
So we can come over here towards that text we can find it which is right there.
So there it is 2 7 25 29 and 40.
That's an easy way to test your output.
That's the challenge.
So let me go back to the description and we'll talk a little bit more about this.
For this part for part two please use a map of string set and key value pairs.
Right so the key is the word the strain and the value is a set of integers.
We did this in the description for the map video.
This is just going to apply it now for this one as well for part.
Consider using a stream stream to process your words.
So in other words read the line from the file into a string and then use a string stream to process
that strength's you can extract the words from it really really easily.
I've also provided the basic shell for both of these and I'll show you that in a second.
And I've provided a function called Clean string and you can pass a word into that function and it can
return the clean version of it.
So it's going to remove any trailing periods or semi-colons or colons and things like that.
And you could tweak that function if you like.
I'll show you the code in a second.
That's it.
Let me run this program so you can see the output
and you can see all the display I'm going to scroll all the way up to the top.
It's running part 1 and then it's running part 2 Here's part 1 on it appears five times Dorothy appears
eight times and appears five times and you go all the way through aren't and lowercase would be different
words.
You can choose to make them all upper or lower or do whatever you like with that just to have fun.
So in this case let's look at some of the common words in English only the A appears 20 times and appears
32 times.
This is a very popular word and there is the it appears 43 times.
So that that's part 1 again.
Notice that this is sorted and ascending order.
Now here's part two.
We have the word and the occurrences of that word with line number.
So on two piers on lines two 725 29 and 48 he you can see that Henry appears on lines to six thirty
five forty five and fifty there and with the capital T appears on line 2 and you could see the rest
draw here.
So that's the challenge.
It's not that hard.
Don't overthink this challenge.
Let the T.L. do the work for you.
Don't start messing around and try to get into the details of this just let the ACL do the work for
you.
Think abstractly.
So that's a sample run.
And let me show you the code that I'm giving you it's right in here and challenge underscored three
project main CVP so I'll double click there and then scroll down to the main re-acquaint there is your
main right here it's running part 1 and then part 2.
And for each part I'm.
Here's part two for example there's the file opening the fine closing the file.
So think of part 1 and Part 2 as unique little functions that each one has of how each one closes the
file.
So you can see in part one right here my map is called Words and it's a map of string and key value
pairs.
I've got some variables here.
I've got my file which I'm opening I'm checking to see if it was opened successfully and if it is then
you write this code and then when you're done with your code you call that function right there display
words pass it in the map.
And I've written the code that's going to display that all in a nice sort of format but this is the
code you need to implement here for part two.
Same idea.
Here's my map words.
This time it's a map of key value pairs where the key is a string and the value is a set of integers
as we discussed.
I'm opening the file.
I'm closing the file here.
It was opened successfully.
You implement this code when you're done processing the map passed the map into Display words and display
all that information for you.
Now those two functions I wrote up here this is display words for part 1 and this is display words for
part 2.
The only difference is this one expects a string into key value pairs.
This one expects obviously a map of those this expects a map of string and a set of int key value pairs.
You can totally erase these and do them yourself.
I would actually encourage you to do that but they're there for your benefit.
Get rid of them and do them when you're on your own if you like.
And then here's the clean string function.
It expects a string and you can see the code is that simple for each character in the string.
If it's a period or a comma or semi-colon or a colon I'm just not processing it.
Otherwise I'm just appending the character to the new string and returning it.
So that's it I'm just filtering on those characters you can add some remove some or do whatever you
like.
That's it.
That's the challenge again.
Have fun.
This is actually a fun challenge and it's really easy to do.
You'll be surprised how easy this is to do.
It doesn't seem so easy but it really is.
And as I said the best advice I can give you is don't overthink this.
Let the CEO do its job.
That's what it's good at.
OK.
So I will see you in the next video and the solution.
So have fun.